Thursday  May 4th 2017



	My current goal for the day is to research how computers connect to each other over a network and hopefully
	find out how I can begin to do this using java. I will also be setting up the power point for the presentation.
	
	
	
Thursday May 4th 2017

	I have been able to find all of the resources necessary for me to make the chatroom. My hope for 
	tomorrow will be to start the creation of the server and client. Using the resources that I have found, I 
	doubt it will be too complicated.


	
Friday May 5th 2017
	
	Today I was able to start the creation of the server as well as get a better understanding of how sockets 
	and connections work in Java. On Monday, I will continue creating the server and later work on the client side but 
	I doubt that I will get that far.




	
Monday May 8th 2017

	Today I was able to finish the constructor for the server as well as create a few methods that are needed to
	connect multiple computers together. Tomorrow I will attempt to finish the methods that I did not complete
	today.	
	

Tuesday May 9th 2017

	This day I was able to complete a few more of those methods that I was unable to complete yesterday.
	I will continue to complete the methods I need tomorrow, I need to develop the other parts of the chat app
	soon, I doubt I will start that tomorrow since the server is my main priority at the moment.
	
	
Wednesday May 10th 2017
	
	I was able to finally finish the server side of the chatting program today. When I tested it with my ServerTest
	class it was able to show the chat window and displayed the text it was supposed to. Other than that it did not 
	do much of anything. Tomorrow I will move on to the client side and see where that takes me. 
	
	
Friday May 12th 2017

	I was able to work on the Client class today. I added the methods I need to chat and was able to complete some of 
	them. I will need to work on the rest of them next time. Besides that, I believe I am close to getting it to do 
	basic text communication at least on one computer.
	
Tuesday May 16th 2017

	Today I finished the basic chatting app! It is able to send messages back and forth although it only 
	works on one computer. I was able to fix some other things on the app, like the ability to edit where you 
	shouldn't be able to. I will now move on to adding stuff to it and general debugging.
	
Wednesday May 17th 2017

	Today I made a few changes to the chat bot. I repositioned the chat bar, and more importantly added the 
	ability to add usernames. There is a weird spacing issue I've noticed that I will try to fix tomorrow
	as well as clear  any other problems I find. 
	
Thursday May 18th 2017 

	Today was mainly to fix any errors and add little details. I was able to fix my spacing issue
	from yesterday as well as fix other minor issues with the format. I made it easier to properly close
	the app, all one has to do now is to include END CHAT in their message in all caps to end the 
	conversation. I also added some placeholder text to let the user know where to type.
	
Monday May 22nd 2017
	
	Today I was able to add actual placeholder text as opposed to what I did on Thursday. I did this
	by using a class I found which uses JLabel. I also began to research a possible improvement to the
	app by adding the ability to connect multiple clients to the same chat. tomorrow I will continue to do
	research and hopefully start to work on the multiclient server. 
	
Tuesday May 23rd 2017

	Today I started working on the multi-client server. I created in a new class in order to ensure that my
	one to one server remains intact if I am unable to complete this one. It will deviate significantly
	since I no longer need the server to act as the other side of the conversation. I will continue to work
	on this tomorrow.

Wednesday May 24th 2017

	Today I continued to work on the multi-client server and I think I made some good progress on it.
	I will try to spend time to debug since it doesn't really work at this time. I might also try to 
	add some other feature to it like the ability to send images which might be easier. I will
	try to do both.
	
Thursday May 25th 2017

	I choose not to work on the multi-server today but I worked on the image sender instead. I am almost done coding the
	server side of the image sender and I will have to work on the image receiver in the client class. Afterward, I 
	will have to do the reverse meaning that I will put a receiver in the sever and a sender in the client. I will work
	on this tomorrow.
	
Friday May 26th 2017

	I continued to work on the image sender and receiver for the server and client respectively. I was unable
	to get it working to day but I think I have found a solution which I will try to apply Tuesday. I will then
	try to get the client to send images to the server which I don't think will be as hard once I find the
	solution.
	
Tuesday May 30th 2017 
	Today, after many trials, I got my server to send images to my client. It is able to send an image of the screen
	to the client if the key words SEND and GET are used by the client and server respectively. It is having 
	trouble sending other images so that is what I will work on tomorrow.